docs(restructure): restructure content -> more readable (#176)
eclipse-tractusx/tractus-x-umbrella: docs/user/note-r2405-onwards/R24.05.md

> # Release Notes - R24.05
> 
> The 24.05 release includes updates and enhancements to the Catena-X ecosystem, focusing on enabling foundational functionality and supporting key use cases.
> 
> ## Highlights
> - **No Managed Identity Wallet (MIW)**: The Managed Identity Wallet was not included in this release due to incomplete functionality for the Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI) flow. Instead, the Decentralized Identity Management (DIM) Wallet was used.
> - **Intermediate Solutions**:
>     - Introduced the **SSI DIM Wallet Stub** to simulate wallet functionalities for testing purposes.
>     - The IATP Mock was made available as an alternative solution but lacks comprehensive wallet functionality.
> - **Predefined Subsets**: Introduced predefined subsets for:
>     - Data Exchange
>     - Portal
>     - BPDM (Business Partner Data Management)
> 
> ## Key Notes
> - This release focuses on establishing foundational components and integrating key services for initial deployment.
> - For wallet functionality in E2E adopter journeys, refer to the [SSI DIM Wallet Stub](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/ssi-dim-wallet-stub).
> 
> ## Links
> - Full [Changelog](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/tractus-x-release/blob/24.05/CHANGELOG.md)
> - Additional documentation: [Setup Guide](../setup/cluster-setup.md)

Reviewer: As mentioned in a previous comment, this are not release notes
```suggestion
# Note from R24.05 onwards

:warning: The 24.05 Release does not include a Managed Identity Wallet (MIW) - aka the FOSS Wallet of Eclipse Tractus-X - as it was not - yet - able to cover functionalities required for the Self-Sovereign Identity Flow introduced with R24.05. To test and ship R24.05, a commercial solution was used: the Decentralized Identity Management (DIM) Wallet. To cover the wallet functionalities in the [E2E Adopter Journey Data exchange](#data-exchange) and [E2E Adopter Journey Portal](#portal), the [SSI DIM Wallet Stub](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/ssi-dim-wallet-stub) was added to the umbrella helm chart.

As an intermediate solution - before the SSI DIM Wallet Stub - the [iatp-mock](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/tractus-x-umbrella/tree/main/charts/umbrella/charts/iatpmock/Chart.yaml) was added, please see [Precondition for IATP Mock](#precondition-for-iatp-mock) if you'd still like to use it. Please be aware that it doesn't cover the wallet functionalities needed for the [E2E Adopter Journey Portal](#portal) for instance during the onboarding process of a company.
```
